Hi, let's talk a little bit
about the Adobe Experience Cloud.
But before I can jump in and really talk
to you about what the experience cloud is,
let's take a step back and understand
what Adobe Cloud landscape looks like.
There's two primary entities
that we're serving today,
the business and the customers.
Businesses are trying to provide
a set of services and experiences
to customers that they're seeking,
and likewise customers are looking for
those services and those experiences.
And the cavern that exists today
is a tool set that allows this
communication to flow both directions.
This is where Adobe comes into the picture
with the various cloud technologies.
The experience cloud allows businesses
and companies to deliver next
Gen experiences through a sweep
of various marketing tools,
both from an activation,
a planning and an analysis lens.
The Creative cloud sits in the middle
that allows companies to create rich
content to power those experiences,
while also allowing customers to
create experiences themselves and
share those experiences with others.
And at the end,
is there document Cloud which brings
businesses and customers together
through a common framework of language?
All of this together is what allows
both a business and a customer to
interface with each other through
various mediums,
both across online and offline content.
So what products exist
within each of these clouds?
Within the Adobe Experience Club.
It's predominantly focused on
businesses being able to deliver
experiences to other businesses they
interface with or customers that they
sell their services and goods too.
This is done through a variety of
mediums such as customer journeys
where we have Adobe target for on site
personalization or journey optimizer
for delivering in the moment messages,
whether that via email, push or SMS.
We have data insights and audience
tools such as analytics and customer
journey analytics to analyze both the
online and offline behavior of how
customers are engaging with your company
as well as audiences that allow you
to activate curated groups of people
into various systems to deliver.
The next Gen experiences that you need.
Content and commerce kind of backs us
up by providing a robust set of tools
from both a content management system
and a digital asset management system.
Through our experience manager.
As well as a commerce engine
through Adobe commerce.
And then marketing workflow through the
power of work front and digital enrollment,
non boarding tools such as experience
manager forms and Adobe sign help
to the planning process of building
these experiences and the data
collection necessary to power this
and underneath all of this is what
we call the experience platform,
the central brain that helps power
many of these tools from both the data
collection and an activation point of view.
The Creative Cloud is focused on
as you would guess, creators,
whether that be through photo such
as Photoshop or Lightroom or through
graphic design such as Illustrator
and Indesign all the way into video
and animation such as Premiere Pro.
After effects, animate and much more.
There's even the UI UX side where
you see XD from building mockups
as well as after effects.
And then the social media side,
where even customers are creating
their own content through premiere
Pro and Photoshop Express and
sharing that content with the world.
And the last cloud is our document
cloud and this is predominantly
focused on standardizing the sharing
of documents digitally with anyone,
anywhere at anytime through PDF
and E signature.
So standard tools you see in
this space is Adobe Reader and
Adobe Sign and Adobe Standard.
Allowing the ability to create documents
in a repeatable fashion digitally
sign them and share them anywhere,
and exposing that also on mobile so
that you aren't having aren't having
to be hamstrung to A to a computer when
you need to look at that document.
Create the document or fill
or sign that document.
This course though, is going to focus
predominantly on the experience cloud.
And the products that live within
it to help businesses power their
next Gen customer experiences.